Now let's finish implementing the handle submit method in our sign up component.
Now what we're going to do in handle submit will be very similar to what we just did in sign up in our
sign up component.
We called off dot create user with e-mail and password.
Passing an email and password and sign in will have a very similar method on the off library that is
called sign in with email and password.
So let's import off from our firebase utilize and now inside of our handles submit we have to convert
this to an async method and d structure off the email and password off our state and then in our tribe
block we are going to await for off dot sign in with email and password passing in the email and the
password and then if that succeeds we will clear our state and then we'll have our catch with our error
where we will console dot log the error if it fails.
Now let's see our component so we are still logging any state changes and we need to sign out first
and let's try and now sign in with our account.
So we had Michael at g mail dot com with our password being 1 2.
Well what's going on with our password here Oh no.
It looks like our sign up component has the wrong code or sorry our signing component.
We might actually be passing in the wrong value here.
Yes we are.
OK.
We have to fix this value so that it's state DOT password.
Sometimes accidents happen.
So now let's check again OK now it seems to be working normally.
So let's reset these values because Michael at gmail dot com and password if we remember was one two
three four one two three four.
Now if we sign in we see that our user has been updated with our user.
That was just signed up inside of our database.
We can double check and make sure that this I.D. matches.
So PATCO ATF J is p ATF J.
Awesome.
So we know that everything is syncs up and properly working.
Now let's remove that console log here because we won't need it anymore and let's just commit this code
because now we finished our sign in and sign up component so get add get commit finishing sign in handle
submit method and then let's get push origin master OK let's continue.